docs(llms): UX guidance for I–P components (#4547)
coveo/react-vapor: packages/llms/src/components/Progress.md

---
name: Progress
description: Horizontal bar that communicates how far along a task or process has advanced.
---

# Usage guidance

## What problem does it solve?

> The `Progress` bar gives users a quick, at-a-glance sense of completion for a task with a known end point. It replaces vague "loading…" text with a concrete, proportional signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Progress` bar gives users a quick, at-a-glance sense of completion for a task with a known end point. It aims to replaces the vague Loader component with a concrete, proportional signal when the information is available.
```

Author: Applied ✅ (fixed the small "replaces" → "replace" typo).

## When to use it

Use `Progress` when:

- a task has a measurable, bounded completion percentage (0–100)
- you want to reinforce confidence that work is proceeding (file upload, onboarding steps, form completion)
- colour coding is needed to convey the quality or status of a result alongside its magnitude

## When not to use it

Do not use `Progress` when:

> - the duration or completion percentage is unknown; use `Skeleton` or a spinner instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the duration or completion percentage is unknown; use `Skeleton` or a `Loader` instead
```

Author: Applied ✅
